hi everyone we are going to do a
blindfold attack and our mom is gonna
give us six kind of drinks today is part
one so it's their drinks
it was my - so you saw the food and
we're gonna guess what it is and and
these two um I can we are blind fooled
are you ready yes
no peeking is cheating your sister Oh
wing soda drink some orange milk
good job and taste it but I know it
how did you know no milk in the nose
will soon lose number three okay no
peeking
are you closing your eyes and yes water
okay okay here I forgot what it's called
I know it but I forgot what it's called
no you don't want to take a guess it's
yellow and it looks like orange when I
forgot what's the name what's the final
answer I'm container um red yeah I'm red
and white red and white uh-huh
you forgot what it is do you want to try
again um like boom I still don't
remember they're cold they're cool yeah
yeah come on yeah number five are you
ready yes okay here
linkjuice very good okay what is it
ball of juice orange don't finish it
what is it I never mind your tomato
juice it's vegetable vegetable it's so
bad
I got four correct answers out of six I
hope you enjoy it bye
ah